Update notes on allowed naming convention for tables (#193)
pinot-contrib/pinot-docs: configuration-reference/table.md

| Property         | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| ---------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | tableName        | Specifies the name of the table. Should only contain alpha-numeric characters and/or underscores (‘\__’). (Using a double-underscore (‘\_\__’) is not allowed as it is reserved for other features within Pinot)                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| tableName        | Specifies the name of the table. Should only contain alpha-numeric characters, hyphens (‘-‘), or underscores (‘\__’). (Two notes: While the hyphen is allowed in table names, it is also a reserved character in SQL, so if you use it you must remember to double quote the table name in your queries. Using a double-underscore (‘\_\__’) is not allowed as it is reserved for other features within Pinot.)                                                     |
```
